Add detailed instructions to the zendesk ticket for branding requests (#5533)
alphagov/notifications-admin: app/templates/support-tickets/government-logo-branding-request.txt

{{ url_for('main.service_dashboard', service_id=current_service.id, _external=True) }}

---

{% if branding_choice == "govuk_and_org" %}
{% set create_logo_url = url_for(
  'main.create_email_branding_government_identity_logo', text=logo_text, brand_type="both", _external=True
) %}
{% elif branding_choice == "organisation" %}
{% set create_logo_url = url_for(
  'main.create_email_branding_government_identity_logo', text=logo_text, _external=True
) %}
{% endif %}

1. Open this link to create the logo: {{ create_logo_url }}
2. Select the coat of arms or insignia for {% if current_service.organisation -%}
  {{ current_service.organisation.name }}. If this organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.
{%- else -%}
  the organisation the service belongs to. If the organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.
3. Select the stripe colour for {% if current_service.organisation -%}

>   {{ current_service.organisation.name }}. If the organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.

Author: ```suggestion
  {{ current_service.organisation.name }}. If this organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.
```

) %}
{% elif branding_choice == "organisation" %}
{% set create_logo_url = url_for(
  'main.create_email_branding_government_identity_logo', text=logo_text, _external=True
) %}
{% endif %}

Open this link to create the new government identity logo: {{ create_logo_url }}

1. Select the coat of arms or insignia for {% if current_service.organisation -%}
  {{ current_service.organisation.name }}. If this organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.
{%- else -%}
  the organisation the service belongs to. If the organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.
2. Select the stripe colour for {% if current_service.organisation -%}
  {{ current_service.organisation.name }}. If this organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.
{%- else -%}
  the organisation the service belongs to. If the organisation is not listed, select ‘HM Government’.
3. Check that the logo text says: {{ logo_text }}
4. Check that the brand type selected is: {{% if branding_choice == "govuk_and_org" %}GOV.UK and branding
{% elif branding_choice == "organisation" %}Branding only
{% endif %}
5. Select ‘Save’.

> You have created a new government identity logo.

Author: ```suggestion
```

{{ url_for('main.service_dashboard', service_id=current_service.id, _external=True) }}

---

{% if branding_choice == "govuk_and_org" %}
{% set create_logo_url = url_for(
  'main.create_email_branding_government_identity_logo', text=logo_text, brand_type="both", _external=True
) %}
{% elif branding_choice == "organisation" %}
{% set create_logo_url = url_for(
  'main.create_email_branding_government_identity_logo', text=logo_text, _external=True
) %}
{% endif %}

> First, open this link to create the new government identity logo:

Author: ```suggestion
Open this link to create a new government identity logo:
```
